README.md, before:

## MaxPane

Easily maximize/unmaximize a pane without reseting your multi-pane setup.

Ever use a multi pane setup in Sublime Text and want to maximize a single pane for a bit, *and* be able to switch back to the multi pane layout again when done? *Without losing the positions all your files were in.* You know like how iTerm does.

*Then MaxPane is for you.*

So lets say you have this multi pane setup:

![dual pane](https://raw.github.com/jisaacks/MaxPane/3535650829f9bbb7df2d26428589b9bd47b13591/before.png)

and you want to maximize the active (top left) pane for a sec.

Just press <kbd>cmd</kbd>+<kbd>shift</kbd>+<kbd>enter</kbd> and the active pane is now maximized:

![single pane](https://raw.github.com/jisaacks/MaxPane/3535650829f9bbb7df2d26428589b9bd47b13591/after.png)

Press <kbd>cmd</kbd>+<kbd>shift</kbd>+<kbd>enter</kbd> another time and its back:

![dual pane](https://raw.github.com/jisaacks/MaxPane/3535650829f9bbb7df2d26428589b9bd47b13591/before.png)

***It also works great with [Origami](https://github.com/SublimeText/Origami)!***

### Bonus
When maximized, you can navigate to your other panes with: 
<kbd>cmd</kbd>+<kbd>ctrl</kbd>+<kbd>→</kbd> or <kbd>cmd</kbd>+<kbd>ctrl</kbd>+<kbd>←</kbd>
* _Windows / Linux users will need to setup their own key bindings_

### Installation

Install via [Package Control](http://wbond.net/sublime_packages/package_control)

Commit message:

Refactored key bindings, globally
Cuts the key binding differences between mac, windows and linux.

README.md, after:

## MaxPane

Easily maximize/unmaximize a pane without reseting your multi-pane setup.

Ever use a multi pane setup in Sublime Text and want to maximize a single pane for a bit, *and* be able to switch back to the multi pane layout again when done? *Without losing the positions all your files were in.* You know like how iTerm does.

*Then MaxPane is for you.*

So lets say you have this multi pane setup:

![dual pane](https://raw.github.com/jisaacks/MaxPane/3535650829f9bbb7df2d26428589b9bd47b13591/before.png)

and you want to maximize the active (top left) pane for a sec.

Just press <kbd>ctrl</kbd>+<kbd>cmd</kbd>+<kbd>enter</kbd> and the active pane is now maximized:

![single pane](https://raw.github.com/jisaacks/MaxPane/3535650829f9bbb7df2d26428589b9bd47b13591/after.png)

Press <kbd>ctrl</kbd>+<kbd>cmd</kbd>+<kbd>enter</kbd> another time and its back:

![dual pane](https://raw.github.com/jisaacks/MaxPane/3535650829f9bbb7df2d26428589b9bd47b13591/before.png)

***It also works great with [Origami](https://github.com/SublimeText/Origami)!***

### Bonus
When maximized, you can navigate to your other panes with: 
<kbd>ctrl</kbd>+<kbd>cmd</kbd>+<kbd>→</kbd> or <kbd>ctrl</kbd>+<kbd>cmd</kbd>+<kbd>←</kbd>

### Windows / Linux
Just use <kbd>alt</kbd> instead of <kbd>cmd</kbd> and everything should.

### Installation

Install via [Package Control](http://wbond.net/sublime_packages/package_control)
